I'm here at the echo fox roster day
joined right now by da rock himself talk
a little bit about the fact that he's
joining the team
what's in store for him so first up doc
you had the offseason how did you end up
on echo fox well offseason I spent most
of the offseason under contract with TL
and after TL let me know that I wasn't
on the roster for 2018 they just looked
at trying to find me a new home we just
spoke about it I said I wanted to be on
an organization that I could trust and
echo fox was they reached out to me and
I was really comfortable yeah what has
your experience been like with echo fox
and kind of how did those early
conversations go I guess the early
conversations were more geared towards
if I'm comfortable joining the
organization who do I want to play with
and they had expressed that they were
interested in playing are using Phoenix
as their mid laner and I said if you
signed Phoenix all signed to so you have
a pretty good relationship with them
yeah I mean Phoenix are very great
friends yeah alright so well now dive
into the obvious stuff so this time last
year I was sitting there on in the Yahoo
eSports studio and you were wearing an
immortal jersey now those things have
changed for both of us neither one of us
have those jobs anymore and but anyway
you know Noah was talking about a
three-year commitment and then you know
you left immortal city of spring unit
upon CLG before the end of summer you
ended up not with CLG and you ended up
doing stuff with TL now you're here so
much people are gonna be asking the
question you know is Startalk gonna be
able to stick around on echo fox how
would you answer the people who are
skeptical about that I mean yes I'm
gonna last on Echo Fox just the last
year there's just been I just a lot a
lot of things said about me a lot of
ways I've been portrayed by the
organization's I used to play for that
you know there's obviously tons and tons
of context missing and there's tons and
tons of you know details that just
aren't there that I mean I can't give
nobody else or is gonna really speak
about it just because I mean it happened
in the past I just kind of
whatever I just don't it's just like
unnecessary
I guess drama to bring it back up but
yeah I just don't really yeah there's
just I know all the details that are
missing so I don't really hold what the
community says about me to heart like
cuz I know they're wrong so it's just
about you know enough time passing on
the team and us proving them wrong to me
for I guess the stigma to go away how
much of your departure from those teams
was them versus you right because a lot
of people as you say a lot of the
community feels like it's probably just
you actually know us I did not express
any interest in leaving CLG until they
added Omar got into you know taking
scrim time for me et cetera not letting
me play in scrims that kind of stuff so
only after I was effectively removed
from the roster in terms of practice
from the coaching staff did I ever
express any interest in leaving the team
yeah sorry I should clarify I don't mean
your departure I mean specifically like
you know whenever pretty good in
relationship terms you know when you
break up with somebody sometimes you say
it's not you it's me
or anything like that so so for the
issues that are there how much of that
do you feel was on yes okay okay yeah
but okay here we'll just ask a question
yeah okay so for the four year
departures from those teams how much of
it was you versus the team in your mind
where the issue was okay well just in
general with a just in general the team
atmospheres or team sports in general is
always a mutual fault I always it I'm
always very open and honest about the
fact that I've made a ton of mistakes in
the past and I've wronged a lot of
people done a lot of things incorrectly
and acted really immature in a lot of
situations over the past few years and I
do believe that there's genuinely mutual
fault between me and the organizations
and teams and all the things that have
you know been I guess all the falling
through zyv had with all these orgs it's
just I've been
just scapegoated I guess just if they
need someone to blame it's obviously
gonna be the person who's been blamed
before I mean so I don't hold it against
them it's like a very obvious narrative
that it's very easy to put me in but um
yeah I think there's mutual fault but
again no context no details that kind of
stuff so then kind of wrapping up this
this segment of the interview do you
feel like there were issues that you had
last year that you need to work on you
know so that you can succeed on Echo Fox
yeah absolutely I talked with Jared
Tendler who was who is the I guess the
sports psychologist like the Weldon s
person for Team Liquid and we were
working on a lot of you know
communication problems just in general
having my correct focus and mindset for
scrims and practice act at a consistent
level and stuff like that so over the
offseason I worked a ton on it on all
the things that I needed to and I feel
pretty confident going in and then just
taking the roster as a whole the
everybody I love the echo fox roster
because everybody says I've even say
this it feels like this is a roster that
will either blow themselves up or blow
up the rest of the NA LCS right like
because people say who needs an ego
people say Phoenix is emotional all
people say you have an ego people say
Adrian has an ego nobody says anything
about Alltech I don't know why looking
at them as I say this but let anyway so
there's this idea that like you guys are
just gonna rip each other apart behind
the scenes and and if that's the case
you know hopefully echo fox is filming
it so we can get another great piece of
cinematic esports content but what what
what would you say to the people who are
assuming that that's gonna be the case
with this roster I mean if you play both
sides of the spectrum if you say they're
either gonna be really good or really
bad you're gonna be right so I mean I
guess we'll just prove them right one
way or the other but I think all these
rumors and stigmas are just by people
who have never worked with us and by
people you know just browsing reddit
with yeah all their opinions so I mean
they're they're obviously wrong hooni is
one of the easiest people ever to work
with like the first the the most common
criticism I heard from
Mooney was just that he tilts in game
and I have for full disclosure ruined
his laning phase by killing myself
several times in scrims and he has kept
the most strong mental I've ever seen of
a player ever but just for everybody I
mean everybody gets along really well
there's no like stress or arguments
anything like that we're all just I
don't feel like we're all at a point in
our careers aside from maybe hooni cuz
he's you know world world finalist we're
all at the point in our career where we
really need to prove ourselves so it's
like no BS everybody's just really
giving full effort and nobody is just
trying to break anybody down did you
were you like huh I've heard this
remember that who knee tilts you know
it's a scrim let's test this out you go
up there you're like oops I died just to
sort of see how that goes it was a very
unlucky circumstance and I may or may
not have played gank very incorrectly
killed myself and then the only thing he
says is close ok good to hear all right
so let's take you know just go back to
the LCS broadly what you know there's a
snare dub of TSM TL looking really
strong ovaries hyping up these teams do
you buy into that narrative do you think
that they're gonna be the main opponents
that you guys will have to face for TSM
yes fruits y'all know okay yeah how come
I don't really think team liquids roster
is as strong as everybody perceives it
to be but their individual players are
all very renowned and well respected for
very good reason but that roster coming
together synergy wise is a big question
mark for me just in the just just with
how the personalities I guess of the top
and ad swapped from flame to impact and
from Cody Sun to double if they're very
different people very different players
with a lot of specific needs and you
know obviously they're individuals but
yeah I think they could have some issues
yeah very interesting other than what
are you excited about for anything else
yes this year anything that we I like to
end on a positive note so what's what's
got you hype about starting this weekend
this weekend I'm really just excited to
watch as ven and Miffy play I've been
huge fans of them for a really long time
and I'm excited that just to watch them
they're really great players yeah very
good anything you want to say to echo
fox fans the da rock fans the door talk
haters to Rhetta analyst anything out
there to the echo fox fans thanks for
supporting us so far we haven't we don't
have any results or anything to base
these things off of that we say but
hopefully you guys just support us out
the year because well most likely need
it and to my fans thanks for sticking
through all the time through all these
roster swabs stuff like that and just
Reddit analysts stay on reddit you know
D just keep everybody just stay in your
own lane they use so much for the
interview dyrdek looking forward to
seeing your read a Buick o Fox this
weekend for everyone else you can check
out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel
listen Los Angeles housing prices are
only going up rent is ridiculous and I'm
unemployed so if you want to support me
you can do so over at Travis Khafre
dot-com slash support